Update faq.md (#612)
w3f/Grants-Program: docs/faq.md

<details>
  <summary><b>Can I list the Web3 Foundation as a partner?</b></summary>

  No. Once the grants team has accepted your first milestone, you may display our [grants badge](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/grant-badge-guidelines.md) in a project-specific context, such as the repository containing the grant project work.
</details>

<details>
  <summary><b>Can you help me advertise my project?</b></summary>

>   The Web3 Foundation does not provide PR services to its grantees. However, once per month we publish all newly signed grants on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Web3foundation). Furthermore, if you would like our input on how to write about your grant, we have some general [announcement guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/announcement-guidelines.md). This document also lists an email address through which you can get in touch with our PR team in case you have specific questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Web3 Foundation does not provide PR services to its grantees. However, once per month we co-promote announcements from grants that have delivered a milestone on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Web3foundation). Note that the milestone needs to have been accepted prior to the announcement. Lastly, please observe our [announcement guidelines](https://github.com/w3f/Grants-Program/blob/master/docs/announcement-guidelines.md) for all grant-related communications. This document also lists an email address through which you can get in touch with our PR team for feedback and in case you have specific questions.
```
